# ECS7003 - Simrunner Proto:
All of the files used in this project (not generated by Unity) can be found in "Assets" folder. The folder has the following folders:

## Classes:
Classes folder have C# classes which are not extending on MonoBehavior or any other Unity based classes. Their functionality to encapsulate object behavior which are not altered by Unity. Currently, for the prototype the content in this folder is not used.

For example, the Player can be written within this class and called inside other Unity classes to ensure better structure and encapsulation. This section is still work in progress.

## Prefabs:
All prefabs made by us and taken from the Unity Store is stored here. Specifically, "AttackBot" and "Jammo-Character" is taken from Unity Store. More information is referanced at the end of this section.

For "Jammo-Character", the asset has its own controlling scripts and animations implemented. Jump animation is altered and renamed as "Jump-Mod.anim" to suit our purposes better in the game. "MovementInput" script is based on Character Controller. Our own implementation uses RigidBody approach however our code is somewhat inspired by the given implementation mostly for implementing animations to the asset within movement script.

## Scenes:
There are three scenes in this folder; however only TestBed_v2.unity is used for the prototype. This is because we had three iterations over the testing environment.

## Scripts:
This folder contains Depracated Scripts (CameraController.cs) as well as other scripts we have coded for the prototype. CameraController was changed to CineMachine asset; as this asset provided better control over the camera than the CameraController.cs. Please see the end of the document for asset information.

## Textures:
This folder contains two texture packs which are used for prototyping. The final version uses "Gridbox Prototype Materials" as it includes simplified textures for the prototype. More information can be seen below:

# Assets Used for this Prototype:

## Active Assets:

Gridbox Prototype Materials: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/gridbox-prototype-materials-129127

Jammo Character -https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/jammo-character-mix-and-jam-158456

AttackBot: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/robots/attack-bot-15120

CineMachine: https://unity.com/unity/features/editor/art-and-design/cinemachine
(This is not an asset however a powerful built-in camera rig controller.)

## Inactive (Other) Assets in the Repository: (Unused)
Sci-fi Texture Pack 1: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/sci-fi-texture-pack-1-23301
